h2. Page List View

Created by:  Andrew vonderLuft and Sean Cribbs, August 2008, in Portland Oregon

Enables viewing site pages in a list view sortable by attibute.

h2. Revision History

* 0.9.0 - adjusted views and css for 0.9.0 compatibility, fixed spec
* 0.8.2 - 6/2010 - tagging 0.8.2, adjusting version to correspond with radiant version compatibility
* 1.3 - 1/2010 - Radiant 0.8 compatible, added configurable column heading
* 1.2 - 2/2009 - Radiant 0.7 compatible, including Rails 2.2
* 1.1 - 1/2009 - added pagination / full list options for CMSs with lots of pages
* 1.0 - 8/2008 - initial release

h2. Requirements

The will_paginate plugin - With the addition of pagination, you will need to add Mislav's will_paginate plugin to your vendor/plugins directory.  See http://github.com/mislav/will_paginate/tree/master

To install this plugin, from extension root:
<pre>
$ git submodule init
$ git submodule update
</pre>

h2. Installation

From your RADIANT_ROOT:

<pre>
$ script/extension install page_list_view
</pre>

Restart your radiant app, and you should be good to go.

NOTE:  This _should_ add the submodules described above in requirements, but if not follow the directions indicated.

h2. Notes

* To configure column headings, add page_list_view.display_attributes to the config table.  The value will be the column headings, space-delimited.  If you use the settings extension, you can configure via the admin panel. 
* To configure lines (listed pages) per page, add page_list_view.per_page to the config table.  The value will be an integer.  If not entered the default is 50. If you use the settings extension, you can configure via the admin panel. 

h2. Acknowledgments

As usual, Sean Cribbs helped out a lot with the finer points of Ruby, Rails and Radiant